Differential Diagnosis of Leukodystrophies
Genetic Risk Assessment
Definition
Management of Nonsyndromic Retinitis Pigmentosa
5. Risk Assessment and Surveillance of At-Risk Relatives for Early Detection and Treatment of FHI
Evaluation Strategy to Establish a Genetic Cause for NPH
Differential Diagnosis of Tubulinopathies
Clinical Characteristics of Congenital Insensitivity to Pain
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of Neurodegeneration with Brain Iron Accumulation in a Proband
1. Clinical Characteristics of Familial Hyperinsulinism
4. Genetic Counseling of Family Members of an Individual with Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) Hereditary Neuropathy
4. Genetic Risk Assessment and Cardiac Surveillance of At-Risk Relatives for Detection of Early Treatable Manifestations of DCM
2. Genetic Causes of Polymicrogyria
Causes of Hereditary Hearing Loss and Deafness
1. Clinical Characteristics of Alzheimer Disease
Causes of Hereditary Dystonia
Chapter Notes
2. Causes of Parkinson Disease
Clinical Characteristics of Dystonia
5. Management of Neurodegeneration with Brain Iron Accumulation
3. Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause of MODY in a Proband
1. Clinical Characteristics of Leber Congenital Amaurosis / Early-Onset Severe Retinal Dystrophy
4. Genetic Counseling
Definition of the Urea Cycle and Clinical Characteristics of Urea Cycle Disorders
4. Genetic Counseling of Family Members of an Individual with PMG
Clinical Characteristics of Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation
Mechanisms of Predisposition to Wilms Tumor
Genetic Risk Assessment in Family Members
Non-Genetic Causes of Dystonia
Clinical Description of the Nephronophthisis Phenotype
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of Alzheimer Disease in a Proband
Clinical Characteristics of Wilms Tumor
2. Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy: Categories
Causes of Holoprosencephaly
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of LCA/EOSRD in a Proband
1. Clinical Characteristics of EA/TEF
1. Clinical Characteristics of ALS
Conditions Not Discussed in the
4. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia in a Proband
2. Genetic Causes of EA/TEF
Establishing the Diagnosis of a Mitochondrial Disorder
Clinical Characeristics
4. Evaluation Strategies to Diagnose mtDNA Maintenance Defects and to Establish a Genetic Cause in a Proband
Genetically Related (Allelic) disorders
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia in a Proband
4. Genetic Risk Assessment and Cardiac Surveillance of At-Risk Relatives for Detection of Early Treatable Manifestations of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
Differential Diagnosis of Urea Cycle Disorders
1. Dilated Cardiomyopathy (DCM): Definition
2. Genetic Causes of ALS
3. Establishing (When Possible) the Specific Genetic Cause of DCM
Genetically-Related (Allelic) Disorders
1. Clinical Characteristics of Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia
Clinical Characteristics
6. Management of Individuals with mtDNA Maintenance Defects
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of Parkinson Disease in a Proband
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of ALS in a Proband
Genetic Risk Assessment in Family Members of a Proband
1. Mitochondrial DNA Maintenance Defects
2. Genetic Causes of Neurodegeneration with Brain Iron Accumulation
Evaluation Strategy for an Individual with a Leukodystrophy
3. Establishing (when Possible) the Specific Genetic Cause of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
Definition of Holoprosencephaly
References
3. Clinical Characteristics of mtDNA Maintenance Defects
Differential Diagnosis
Clinical Characteristics of Hereditary Hearing Loss and Deafness
4. Genetic Counseling of Family Members of an Individual with Megacystis-Microcolon-Intestinal Hypoperistalsis Syndrome
3. Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause of PMG in a Proband
4. Medical Management of FHI Based on Genetic Cause
Evaluation Strategy
2. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of a Type II Collagen Disorder in a Proband
Establishing a Diagnosis of a Type of Tubulinopathy
1. Clinical Characteristics of Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia
Causes
1. Clinical Characteristics of MODY
Causes of Urea Cycle Disorders (UCDs) and Prevalence
Clinical Description
1. Hereditary Hyperekplexia: Clinical Characteristics
1. Clinical Characteristics of Neurodegeneration with Brain Iron Accumulation
Causes of Hereditary Pancreatitis
Resources
Prevalence of Leukodystrophies
1. Definition and Clinical Characteristics of Polymicrogyria
3. Differential Diagnosis of Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia
2. Causes of Leber Congenital Amaurosis / Early-Onset Severe Retinal Dystrophy
4. Management
2. Causes of mtDNA Maintenance Defects
3. Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause of Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia
Genetically Related Disorders
Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause of Congenital Insensitivity to Pain
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of EA/TEF in a Proband
1. Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy: Definition
2. Causes of Alzheimer Disease
Genetic Counseling
2. Dilated Cardiomyopathy (DCM): Categories
Definitions
Clinical Manifestations of Leukodystrophies
1. Clinical Characteristics of Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) Hereditary Neuropathy
GeneReview
Establishing the Diagnosis of the Nephronophthisis Phenotype
5. Risk Assessment and Surveillance of At-Risk Relatives for Early Detection and Treatment of MODY
GeneReview Scope
3. Genetic Counseling
5. Hereditary Hyperekplexia: Management
Clinical Characteristics of Nonsyndromic Retinitis Pigmentosa
2. Causes of Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) Hereditary Neuropathy
4. Genetic Counseling of Family Members of an Individual with Neurodegeneration with Brain Iron Accumulation
Clinical Characteristics: Heritable Thoracic Aortic Disease
Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause of Nonsyndromic Retinitis Pigmentosa in a Proband
4. Hereditary Hyperekplexia: Genetic Counseling
1. Clinical Characteristics of Parkinson Disease
Purpose
2. Genetic Causes of Familial Hyperinsulinism
Acute Management of a Urea Cycle Disorder
2. Genetic Causes of Megacystis-Microcolon-Intestinal Hypoperistalsis Syndrome
2. Hereditary Hyperekplexia: Causes
Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause of Heritable Thoracic Aortic Disease in a Proband
Management
5. Participation in Targeted Therapeutic Clinical Trials
5. Management of Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) Hereditary Neuropathy
1. Clinical Characteristics of Type II Collagen Disorders
Molecular Genetics
Establishing the Diagnosis and Cause of Hereditary Pancreatitis in a Proband
4. Management of MODY Based on Genetic Cause
4. Medical Management of LCA/EOSRD Based on Genetic Cause
Causes of CFM
5. Management of EA/TEF
Summary
4. Inform Genetic Counseling of Family Members of an Individual with Alzheimer Disease
5. Management of Megacystis-Microcolon-Intestinal Hypoperistalsis Syndrome
Causes of Heritable Thoracic Aortic Disease
2. Causes of Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia
1. Clinical Characteristics and Recommended Treatment: Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia
3. Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause of Megacystis-Microcolon-Intestinal Hypoperistalsis Syndrome
Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Specific Type and Genetic Cause of a Urea Cycle Disorder in a Proband
Causes of Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation
Causes of Congenital Hepatic Fibrosis
4. Genetic Counseling of Family Members of an Individual with Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia
5. Management
Genetic Causes of the Nephronophthisis Phenotype
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of Familial Hyperinsulinism in a Proband
Genetically Related (Allelic) Disorders
5. Genetic Counseling for LCA/EOSRD
2. Genetic Causes of MODY
1. Clinical Characteristics of Megacystis-Microcolon-Intestinal Hypoperistalsis Syndrome
Causes of Nonsyndromic Retinitis Pigmentosa
Definition of Leukodystrophy
3. Evaluation Strategies to Identify the Genetic Cause of Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) Hereditary Neuropathy in a Proband
5. Genetic Counseling
Causes of Congenital Insensitivity to Pain
Diagnosis
2. Causes of Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia
2. Genetic Causes of Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia
3. Hereditary Hyperekplexia: Evaluation Strategy to Identify the Genetic Cause in a Proband
5. Management of ALS